content/post/2020-03-04-starting-out.md, before:

---
title: "Starting Out"
author: "Alex"
date: "2020-03-05"
description: "My Experience Creating a Webpare with Hugo, R, and more"
output:
  blogdown::html_page:
    toc: true
    toc_depth: 1
    number_sections: true
    fig_width: 6
---

### I have no idea what I’m doing. 
Heres a documentation of my thought process as I create this blog!


### Why rbind.io?
To reiterate, I have no idea what I’m doing. Through the research I’ve conducted up to this point, rbind.io seemed like the best option for what I think I want to do with this project. 

- It will allow me to publish work and ideas that I’ve formed in R in a streamlined manner.

- It will allow me to publish “normal” website stuff alongside that

- It will help me work on my skills in various other areas, like project management and version control in Git, general workflow management, and further my experience with using terminal.
Additionally, rbind.io offering free hosting was a great point in its favor.



### Why blogdown/Hugo?
Im not sure how I came across blogdown. I found it in my research a while ago when I was playing around with using R and Jupyter notebooks. I got that idea from DataCamp. If you’re wondering how that turned out - just stick with R markdown.

While I suppose Hugo isn’t strictly required with blogdown, it’s certainly the most documented and supported option. I have had no trouble finding help with anything I’ve attempted thus far, as many have come before me in creating a blog with this general workflow. That said, I’m writing this post in a notepad while creating this website. We’ll see if this changes.

### So What's next?
Well, creating the first post was very straightforward. I think some things I'd like to figure out next include:

- Date formatting. I'd like to see something like "March 3, 2020" rather than "2020-03-05". Its hardly important and very subject to personal preference, but it would be a welcome change.

- Cleaning up the default pages. So far, I have changed the about page text, but everything else on this site is the same. I'd like to figure out how to change some formatting, change the default pages everywhere to my own, and make this something more than a cut and paste template. 

- Learning the text formatting. It's probably painfully obvious from the way this post is written, that my knowledge of formatting this document is pitiful. I'd like to learn how to pad the space to do a better job of breaking up this wall of text, for starters.

- Deploying to Netlify with Github. This is the next step in getting this project up and running.

- Getting a domain name, and getting started with rbind.io. While I know this is what I want to do, I have yet to reserve a domain name, or set anything up on that end.

Clearly, I have my work cut out for me.

Alex

Commit message:

Some very minor changes in post content.

content/post/2020-03-04-starting-out.md, after:

---
title: "Starting Out"
author: "Alex"
date: "2020-03-06"
description: "My Experience Creating a Webpare with Hugo, R, and more"
output:
  blogdown::html_page:
    toc: true
    toc_depth: 1
    number_sections: true
    fig_width: 6
---

### I have no idea what I’m doing. 
Heres a documentation of my thought process as I create this site.


### Why rbind.io?
To reiterate, I have no idea what I’m doing. Through the research I’ve conducted up to this point, rbind.io seemed like the best option for what I think I want to do with this project.
- It will allow me to publish work and ideas that I’ve formed in R in a streamlined manner.
- It will allow me to publish “normal” website stuff alongside that
- It will help me work on my skills in various other areas, like project management and version control in Git, general workflow management, and further my experience with using terminal.
Additionally, rbind.io offering free hosting was a great point in its favor.



### Why blogdown/Hugo?
Im not sure how I came across blogdown. I found it in my research a while ago when I was playing around with using R and Jupyter notebooks. I got that idea from DataCamp. If you’re wondering how that turned out - just stick with R markdown.

While I suppose Hugo isn’t strictly required with blogdown, it’s certainly the most documented and supported option. I have had no trouble finding help with anything I’ve attempted thus far, as many have come before me in creating a blog with this general workflow. That said, I’m writing this post in a notepad while creating this website. We’ll see if this changes.

### Deploying with Netlify, Github, and rbind.io
This part was actually much easier than expected. Heres the general idea:
1. Github houses the website data. I make my edits, changes, posts, etc. locally, and push them to Github.
2. Netlify deploys that website for me, to a netlify hosted domain.
3. Netlify will push this to the rbind.io domain thats been so greatly set up for me by their support team.

All this means for me, is that when I want to make changes, I can make them locally, runb everything throw my local view, and then just push to Github. It makes all of what I have to do pretty easy.

Alex
